hi everyone its point collector here
with my oldest son Wyatt and he really
wanted to do a surprise egg video just
me and him today yeah because we're
celebrating the new Cinderella movie
that just came out with a short film of
frozen fever I decided why don't we do a
frozen fever Cinderella surprise egg
opening woohoo
and with my giant surprise eggs
I have Cinderella's carriage isn't it so
pretty I love this carrot and it's even
more awesome because like Cinderella I
can sit here and you have another it's
all sit in the back and we have on it
here
well Wyatt when you'd like to open up an
egg mmm you might have to open up the
carriage I put those things in this goal
in it Cookie Monster mmm we want cookies
and supply stickers there's also Senegal
and Prince turning in a second and a hot
dog look at the Cinderella meta clip
doll
it's a wedding Cinderella and this
Prince Charming totally is charming
isn't he
looks like they're going to get married
very cute yeah maybe for their wedding
dinners and they eat a hot dog that
doesn't sound like much of a wedding
feast but all right well Wyatt what do
you like to open up this now yeah we got
this one or with house in honor and I
think we have this one oh we don't have
that one
this one's honor oh we have this one
Elsa
that was pretty marshmallow that was
such a good surprise and that golden egg
now what when should we open up
oh you got it out the cool thing about
that is there's Olaf on the side who
like a beautiful Cinderella sticker I
tried to put just Cinderella things in
this egg and then we got a different
magic clip Cinderella doll Beslan
Cinderella's wearing a blue dress and we
got a Cinderella keychain so awesome
so there were three surprises that were
all Cinderella in that tiny egg no one
else is there look at the front of this
egg
there's Belle Ariel and Cinderella this
is a surprise egg I think I got at the
dollar store and it says candy
characters inside do you think you can
open that I wonder filthy and cinder I
like candies in here this is actually I
kind of smell like a I don't know like a
bathroom cleaner I don't know they're
that good to eat let's see what we got
here okay so let's see this blue line
here that's Cinderella looks like all
the blue ones are Cinderella I'm
guessing the yellow ones are going to be
found yeah that's about how about King
Ariel no this is Aurora
it's alright anything else that's cool
though so blue Cinderella yellow Belle
and pink Princess Aurora I don't know
why they have Ariel here because Ariel
isn't in any of the candies now there's
another egg right in here oh look we got
our icy cube and boohoo imean
that's a funny combination an ice cube
in it I knew hmm pretty funny now
there's one more beautiful pink sparkly
anyway in the bag let's open that up
oh well that's a lot of stuff inside
look there's your pencil our frozen
fever LSAT awesome wonder where she can
kill there on it and else I can sit on
the back of the carriage together and
then what else
ooh Palace pets blind bag hopefully we
get pumpkin Oh Oh a horse we got Ariel's
horse
we got seashell and I didn't have her
yet so that is so cool
another awesome thing about games
seashell is I don't think in any of
these surprise eggs I had anything that
was actually Ariel only that outside of
that surprise egg that didn't even have
Ariel candy so now we have some peanuts
Ariel's mmm what's that on it it's an
honor pop toy come on I don't have any
of these cute pocket pops this one looks
pretty fun I have a big I was a pop boy
they're not on oh one and not a big one
either I think I found this at Target on
the easter aisle actually like it hurt
me look at her dark big eyes beautiful
braids in the bag
and you can see your pinkish purple cape
and the outfit on it usually wears
that's pretty cool and it definitely
will fit in your pocket is there
anything else oh just one more thing
who's on the outside of that like
there's Rapunzel on one side Cinderella
and the other what's inside well it's a
puzzle like it's a 50-piece pencil and
this is what the puzzle looks like
there's Belle Cinderella and Rapunzel
well everyone I think we got a lot of
awesome princess surprises and our
surprise egg opening for the Cinderella
and frozen fever movie not only non
princess thing we got was Cookie Monster
I guess you just wanted to hang out with
us today but we got
some magic clip collection with
Cinderella and Rapunzel and Prince
Charming yes I got some cool shopkins
I'm gonna pop to a palace pet puzzle
candy frozen stickers and our frozen
fever dolls with who please write down
in the comment section what was your
favorite toy that we got in our surprise
eggs
also remember to Like and subscribe and
have a great day bye